Individual reflection week5:
This week was the worst week when it comes to productivity due to multipal factors, My work on the program required a basis established by the other group members which made 
my work reliant on the others to do their work, which put a time factor that was not present in priour weeks. They all did as was demanded by them but i got a bit lost on my 
purpse due to lack of comunication between the diffrent group members. This made it so that my focus had to be altered to keep a sense of productivity. I had to rethink some 
of the ideas and the direction we wanted for the app and then to discuss it with the others to come up with a satisfactory solution. Due to some implications and some fault of 
my own I have lacked  in the delivery of the product expected from me. I put in the work but this was done last minute, which made the whole ordeal stressing and 
complicated for me and some other members which made the delivery a bit sloppy and not the best it could be.

What do I want to learn or understand better?

What is the current situation? (A)
This week started like all the other weeks, we had a meeting with hannes (our supervisor) to discuss what we have done right and what we could improve on this week. We
were mostly done with the basics of the application and were ready to begin developing the diffrent features needed. We divided the group into two teams which had diffrent 
tasks for the application. The first team consiting of (Smedra, Firel and Akexis) had the duty of developing the notifications needed for the application and the database that 
was needed for the information to be stored in. The second team consiting (of me, Endrit and Cezary) was tasked to develop the slide system for the diffrent topics and the 
information (or the tips as we have been calling them among ourselves). The week continued as usual where we had some meetings where we talked a bit about our progression and so 
on, and we came to the conclusion that we needed some of work of the other team to the work needed by our team. So we waited for a bit for the other teams progression and their 
delivery. In the meantimes, i began to raise some questions regarding some of the ideas we had istablished for the application. Some of the members thought that we should have 
many tips for the diffrent topics, from 20 up to 50 tips per topic, but I relized that if we proceeded in this direction we would stumble upon unnecesary problems and 
complications, I argued for fewer tips due to the following reasons, first that tha app would be to hard to navigate for the user due to the size of information that needed 
proccessing by the user, secondly that the app did'nt need this amount of information because the selling idea of the app was an easy way for a person to gradually lower 
his or hers green house emissions, so the amount of tips was damaging because they would be overwhelmed by the amount of information they would be complied to read through. 
Thirdly it would go against the whole vision for the app and the planned look of the application. My arguments resenated with my fellow teammembers and we agreed to keep it 
simple for our sake the users sake and istead focus on perfecting the necesary functions needed for the application. The end of the week came and my team still had not worked 
on the functionalites that we promised the other teammembers. We recivied the other teams's work and began to work on it, we worked for long hours becuase of pressing time 
which made some of our work a bit sloppy. The stress contrinuted to some of the rushed work we produced which was not optimal. But in the end we had an application with a home 
screen notifications and a slide system. Some of the features are seperate for now though. 

What I want the situation to be? (B)
I want the next week to differfromthis one, I want to not stess and have my work done in proper time. I also want myself in better control of my time and work, and to have 
better communication between the two teams in the group. I want to merge the functionalities into one proper application so that we all are on the same page when workingon it. 
So to summerize , better time managment and better communication, and for the app I want us to be done with with the base for the slide system so we can begin to implement the 
diffrent topics and the tips. 

Plan to reduce the gap (A->B):
To walk to proper path from A  to B, I will need to talk to my group and try to better our communication between us, this will help us be on the same page so that everyone 
knows what they are supposed to do something and when they are required to do it. This will also reduce the amount of stress because this will elimanate a large portion if the 
uncertanty of the previous week. I will also have to manage my self in a better way, to make a personal schedule so that I can in peace and quit work and not stress over the 
time or the purpose of my work. So in short this will only be achived by proper teamwork and teamcommunciation and better timemanagment. Hopefully I can learn from my mistakes 
and try to better myself for next week to achive the goals i have set for my self. 

How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?
As in the previos reflections i stand for daily meetings so that we can all talk about what we have learned and what we need help with so that we can learn togheter from 
eachothers findings and mistakes. 

What is my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum? 
I think that by including everyone on the desicionts we can optimize the work we do. This week we all had diffrent ideas and ways to approach some ideas, on some i got happy
on the desicition but on the others not so much, but this is to be expected because of the nature of the project and the nature of everyone having their own thoughts and 
ideas. 

What is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries?
Due to the complications that i faced together with my team I havent been able to be as productive as last week. About 60% of the inplimintation of the slide cars system
we have completed, but we have a good idea on how to procede in the coming week. I am very excited on what is to come and how to best approach it. I hope that next week 
I will be able to delvier more and better. 
