What do I want to learn or understand better?
Before the next sprint ends I would like to learn how android studio works, and how to best utilize its features to produce the best result.
We have learned alot about github and how it works. We have downloaded extensions such as gitkraken to make the process smoother and easier to handle.
Next week's challenges will come in the form of android studio due to it being an alien program to all our team members in the group.
We welcome the challenge with a hunger for learning and experiencing the unknown. 

hunger for learning and experiencing the unknown. 
how can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new? The first week was a good test run to see how we work with each other.
We all have had things we don't understand and have had things we exceed at which made our teamwork work without fault, we helped each other when anyone asked for help,
we also asked around if there was something that didn't make sense or needed further coverage to be understood. We also have decided to set an amount of time to discuss 
new ideas to approach the project  in the form of new better ways to do something, or to raise awareness on som stuff we
think is important to the project, or just new discoveries that might help us with the different parts of the project and how to best approach them. 


What is my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum? We have all done our part to form the best scrum possible each week, we almost have daily meetings to reflect upon the 
different parts that make up the scrum and how we best approach them, we all make sure that everyone has their say in any matter that decides how our scrum will look like. 
Each aspect of the scrum is reiterated multiple times to get the best result possible with as much input form the team. This has made it so that everyone contributes to the scrum
in a meaningful way.  

What is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries? When it comes to the deliveries we have talked about the program we want to produce and how to best do it,
we have decided to make it an android app that targets one of FN goals. We helped form the idea that the app will inform people on how they can lower their fossil fuel emissions 
and how they can contribute less to global warming. I helped form how the interface of the app looks like and together with the team what it will contain and in what languages 
it will have. 
