Individual reflection week5:

What do I want to learn or understand better?

What is the current situation? (A)
This week differed alot from the last week, I think I learned alot from the mistakes that I made in the priour week. I started to work on my delvieries on monday and made a
plan and schedule on how I would divide my work thoughout the week. I knew that i could not work on thursday and on firday because I had an exam to prepare for and do, so I made 
the decision to work on monday, teusday and on wensday so that I could have time for the lab and for the exam. I felt that I learned alot and did alot this week, I togheter with 
the help of endirt made the slide system for the tips that we wanted in the app. We thought the we would have a screen were we had a summarized version of them  and when we press 
on them we get the whole tips in a cool and easy slide system. We had a couple of ideas on how to do this, we didnt know if we would implemnt them dynamicly or justr hard code the 
whole thing, It was a hard decision but we decided to hard code it because we did'nt see the need for a dynamic system to implement on a simple application. But for now we are done 
with most of the hard coding (the skeleton of app). We wanted to begin to implement the tips but we didnt relize how difficult it would be to make the slide system work in a good 
and eye pleasing way. 

What I want the situation to be? (B)
In the next I want to be able to add most if not all of the tips as well as the diffrent languages so we can be mostly done with the appilcaion. We just need to divide the work 
in a good way like this week and be time efficent and have as good communication as we had this week. I also want most of the stories to be done by next week so we can have a good
product delivery. We are almost done with each one of them so it should'nt be so hard to do that. 

Plan to reduce the gap (A->B):
I think the proper way to do this in is to didivde the work (tips) and to deliver on our scrum board so we can check of most of the stories we have set for ourselves. Good team-
comunication is also needed and daily meetings where we know what we have done and what we have to do,. like what stories are done and which ones needs working on. 

How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?
I am a firm beliver in discussions in our meetings so we can bring up what we need help with and what we have learned, this will make sure that everyone gets the help they need
and get knowledge on things they did not know they needed to know. 

What is my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum? 
I rethought some of the ideas that we had for the slide system and together with Endrit we made a really cool looking and a functional slide card system. 

What is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries?
I think its the same thing here the slide card system was a main function of the work and I think I have delviered well on that front. 
