This week did not go as well as we hoped it would, We had planned to begin the coding on the project, to build the infrastructire for the program but it did not go as well 
as we planned. Early on in the week we met wiht the supervisor that helped us making the program and the procjt as a whole. We soon discorved that we made some mistaked 
when it came to how we made our backlog, some one planning on the sprints and some other minor things. So we set out to fix the problems mentioned and try to redo some of the 
things needed for a goos start. We focused heavily on this point so we wont have to revisit these parts in the future were it would take us back a few steps in the progression
of the development, so we did them this week properly. We also decided to make the deadline for the individual reflections on sundays instead of firdays due to some memebers 
working on the projects on the weekends (this is why I posting this on the 20th (firdaay) of september), Another thing that our supervisor suggested was that we redo our 
readme file using andriodstudio due to it using a variant of java and not vanilla java. So I played around with android studio making a simple app that had the text helloworld 
so check if it work properly and if the other teammember could open it up on the computers. We also discovered that to use a simulation of a phone we needed a strong pc and some 
of us (me included) had switch from laptops to our stationary pc for more efficent power. In the end we did program a bit and get to know the program better while still fixing 
some of the problems from last week. This is also a goos oppertuniy for next week so that we know that there nay be problems that needs fixing and to set the time for them while
working on the stuff we had planned out. 

Here are the answeared qustions for this week:

What do I want to learn or understand better?:
I want to better my understandning of the version of java that andriodstudio uses and how to best use it, I also want to learn how the amulator for the phone in andriodstudio
works and try to use it more. Last thing is I want to begin to try to build the foundation for the app we want to make and try to communicate better with the team. 

how can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?:
I think i can help the team more by taking up some of the problems that i face by myself becuse other may face them too, andriod studio did not really work well on my pc 
when trying to make the emulator work on it and Endrit on my team had the same problem. I used another pc but if i had taken up thhe issue earlier we could have helped each-
others to come up with a better solutions becuase we faced the same problem that none of the others faced. 

what is my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum?:
We all took part with fixing the problems mentioned by our supervisor and mended them together. We also all took in the part of planning what was to come in the coming weeks. 

what is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries?:
we all made a readme file that conatined a working application that helloworld in it. I helped the others make it work together Alexis due to us being the first to try it out. 
I also helped decide how to better cope with issues that may appear in the future!
