My personal reflections for week 6.


About the project:
We have finished developing most of the slide-card system with a few tweaks to be made. We've also updated the Trello board 
(split in a new board for each sprint), added graphs for our KPI's and added a DoD (Definition of Done).

My reflections:
I personally feel I had a great early days in this week where we managed to implement a working slide-card system quite early, 
which was one of the main goal with the other being the notification system. I put a lot of time during the first two days of the 
week since a total of 5 of 6 group members had an exam on Friday, which meant that the lastthree days of the week were mostly 
focused on that course. 

The situation as of now (A) is that we have managed to almost finishing our most critical tasks. The last sprint starts tomorrow 
and we still have a few things to finish. Personally, it was a bit unfortunate that most of our group had an exam this Friday since 
it took a bit time from all of us and might have set us behind schedule a bit. I feel we have got a good understanding of the 
"organizational" parts of the agile development, such has DoD, KPI's, backlogs etc. which we had a few difficulties with in the beginning. 

I have personally worked pretty much only on the slide-card system this week, with some tweaks to UI as well. I initially thought the system
would be too challenging and take more time than I had hoped, but together with my team members we managed to implement a working system
quite fast, with only a few tweaks remaining. The design and layout is also something I've worked on together with all members, and it seems
like one area we are all very happy with.

By next week, I hope the situation will be (B) that we have a completely finished application by the end of the week so that we can solely
focus on the presentations the last days. I have no doubt that we will manage to do this on time, although it make take some more effort 
from us. We also had some "in case we have time"-tasks with functionality we would have wanted to develop if we had enough time, and it seems 
that perhaps a few of these might have to skipped completely. I also believe we should have the application ready and capable to run on our
(Android) phones by the time we are finished with the project. Another thing that we should finish quite early this week is the translations
of the application. This shouldn't be too much of an effort, but might prove to be time-consuming, which is we can't underestime the time it
takes.

The best way to get to where we want to be (A -> B) is by completely focus on this course with daily meetings for this week. I've mentioned that
we've been lacking a bit in that area in the past, and that it's been challenging with the schedule and meetings, and that is something that must
be at it best this week. I would argue that even two meetings a day would be in place, one at the start of each work session, and one in the end.

My estimation for this week would be:
Monday-Tuesday - finish slide-cardssystem and notification
Wednesday - finish last tweaks/bugs 
Thursday - Extra day/last code-review
Friday - Testing/setup for release
Saturday - Release
Sunday - Extra day

My estimations have been rather OK during this project and I believe we can finish before our deadline on Sunday with these schedule. 

Endrit Karpuzi
