My personal reflections for week 5.


About the project:
We decided to focus on implementing the card-system for the tips and the notification system. While we argued that it would be too much
a single member to do one each, and too wasteful of resources to put all members on one story, we decided to tackle this issues
(which we consider critical) by solving each task by smaller teams of three.


My reflections:
I've mentioned in my earlier reflection that this part of development will be both the most difficult and also the most important. This has
proven to be true as I've have both seen a lot of concrete signs of development, yet also faced some issues that I feel will be needed
to be solved going forward. I'll get deeper in these challenges as I discuss around the points for the individual reflection further on.


What do I want to learn or understand better?
One thing I definitely need to learn better (A) (disregarding technologies, which is a given) is to develop as a team (basically what this course is about). 
I sometimes get the feeling that I probably could have done something faster by myself since I'm probably more comfortable in my own ideas. 
In a group, however, it's a must to be on the same page and take decisions together and one will undoubtedly face challenges approaching this issue.
Whether it is design decision, ways to approach the development or simply ideas about the application we are still six members of a team that
all have valid thoughts and ideas. This means that for a good working environment (B), each member needs to feel comfortable in speaking their thoughts
and feel comfortable in giving criticism when it's needed.

The best way to reduce this gap (A -> B), at least for me as scrum master, is try to get everybody speak their own mind. It must also be clear
that team members shouldn't be uncomfortable in saying what they think and neither should constructive criticism be seen as an attack. By being open for 
discussion and listening to what other team member have to say, and being willing to let go of a personal idea och thought are all important qualities
needed in order to tackle this issue and I feel that we get better at this for each day.


How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?
As mentioned in earlier reflection, the approach regarding this question hasn't changed too much. When we don't understand something (A) we try
task ask whoever is available. My goal would be to help whoever in my team has an issue (B) and it feels like each member is extremely willing to 
help one another and we do this mostly by (A -> B) showing our screen when we have the solution, or pointing eachother in the right direction when we 
are not sure (by telling eachother how to approach the issue we are facing).


What is my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum? 
I mentioned this a bit in an earlier question; I try to get everybody to speak and tell us their thoughts about the project. I believe that having
all members on board with a certain decision is the best way to approach it (even if some members will be more, or less happy with a decision - it is
inevitable after all). By at least giving everybody the opportunity to chime in with their ideas, we know that we have all the information we have
and can make a decision based on that.


What is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries?
As mentioned earlier, we split the two main tasks in two smaller groups. I've been in the group that developed the slide-card system. To be quite
honest, this hasn't been my most productive week as I've both been working a bit more (before the exam period starts) and also focused a bit on other
courses as well. This said, I'd estimate that around 50-60% of the implementation of the slide cards have been finished, and this is quite motivating 
for me as I've still been able to deliver something even though I haven't been as productive as earlier. This is something I will need to reflect on personally
and try to avoid happening again.


About next week:
Continuing on the thoughts from the last question, we all agree that we need to be a lot more productive going forward, starting next week. We are all
in agreement that we haven't followed our schedule the best way we could and I personally will try to make it my focus. I will continue with the task with the 
slide-cards system and will hopefully be finished with it early this week. As soon as these two tasks (slide cards and notification, which where are main 
priority) we will continue with things that weren't as high in the hierarchy (like translation), and we have even more time left, we will start implement
additional functionality.


Endrit Karpuzi
