My personal reflections for week 4.

About the project:
During this week we have started programming the application. Since we weren’t sure which design to go with, all members got to make a “prototype” 
of sorts and we would vote on the design we will go ahead with. I have uploaded mine in Github under AgileMarilyn/GreenTipsAlpha1. We have also delegated 
stories and the development is now started.


My reflections:
I believe that we now have entered the most important/difficult part of the project - the actual development. As I mentioned in last 
week's reflection, our goal that week was to familiarize ourselves with Android Studio and I personally feel I have done that very well. 
I have also mentioned earlier that working in AS will pose a challenge since it’s a completely new tool for us, but as the days go by and I 
gain experience, the easier it gets and I feel I am getting a good understanding of the working environment. This feeling seems to be 
shared by all the team members.


What do I want to learn or understand better?
I am still eager to learn more about Android Studio. I have no doubts that this will be a working environment I will continue use in the future, 
because since the learning ceiling is very high, the learning curve doesn’t seem to be too steep (i.e. it’s rather simple to gain knowledge). 
As of now (A) I have gained a bit of basic knowledge and mostly learnt about UI/design and heading towards learning more about the environment (B) 
the simplest way will simply be the way I have been doing it so far - by searching information about different things I want to do and by trial 
and error (A->B)

This question, but applying to the process rather than technologies, leans more towards the organizing of the team. One challenge I have felt that 
has been a bit more common has been to get the team fully together at times (A). This has been touched upon in earlier reflection but I feel it’s a 
part that can really be improved upon. This applies to me as well as the rest of the members, since schedules often conflict and things come up. 
This might also be due to working remotely, since it would have been easier if we had a regular schedule where we were at campus. In the future, 
we hope to have a lot more regular meetings where all members are present (B) and the simplest way to enforce this would simply be to take our schedule 
a lot more serious (A -> B)


How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?
This part of the reflection is one thing that has been going quite good for us. Whenever we are in doubt of something (A) we simply ask another member 
for help, and different members have different types of experience and ways to acquire knowledge so that’s also a positive part. There are probably a 
few ways to improve this as well (B) but as of now I haven’t had any issues with this part. We will simply continue to ask when we need help and share 
knowledge we gain while learning a new technology etc (A -> B).


What is my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum? 
As Scrum master I have mostly tried to give room to other members to share the thoughts. It would have been rather simple to go forward with how I 
(or those who want to decide) think we should proceed with the project, but I’ve tried to let everybody come up with their thoughts and tried to 
delegate “the floor” equally in meetings. I feel like the best working environment comes when everybody is allowed to share their thoughts and feel 
comfortable in saying no and critiquing ideas as well 

What is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries?
For this week, we all made a prototype of the initial UI, so in a sense the deliverables have been equally distributed, as we pretty much made six 
instances of a Welcome screen, About-page and Contact-page. This might be seen as a bit ineffective, but we had troubles deciding on which design to 
move forward with and this approach gave us both inspiration, and we also gained valuable knowledge at the same time. I have implemented a scrolling 
mechanic which we have decided to continue to use as well.


About next week:
It feels that we’ve now headed into the most challenging (and maybe most fun?) part of the project - developing! These coming sprints will sort of be 
structured the same way going forward. We will continue to code, choose stories, have meetings, discuss and finish the sprints with code reviews. I look 
forward toward these sprints as it will be interesting to see how our ideas are put to something concrete, and see how the app changes week to week as we 
become both better at developing in Android Studio, and hopefully better in working as a team with the agile method. We have some issues we need to sort 
out as we head forward but the feelings and motivation in the team are positive and I have no doubt we will have a good product in the end.


Endrit Karpuzi
