
What do I want to learn or understand better?
I want to understand better about the github program and keep a better track to be able to solve the different problems that we can get with for example pushing and pulling things. We have already learned how to download programs like gitkraken to be easier to handle. In addition I would like to learn about the Android studio to get a good understanding and later on to get the best result for the application.

 
how can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?
So far it has gone well for all the team members. Each group member has behaved well and showed attention to the work and took into account everyone's opinions. We didn't have much difficulty understanding things because we haven't gone so far with the work. The whole group helped each other when anyone needed help with for example downloading  and polling and pushing things in github. The group’s member asked also if anyone needed help. In addition, we have decided to make a special hour to discuss new ideas that are good for the work to go ahead all the time. In this way, you increase your commitment and create an enterprising environment in the group to achieve the best results.

What is my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum?
The whole group has been involved in deciding how the scrum should look like. Each group member has been doing their part to get the best scrum by being able to participate in meetings. The group decides that each group member expresses their opinion on how the scrum should look like. By having several opinions, a better scrum is definitely created.

What is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries?
Regarding the deliveries, the group has discussed that the app we will produce should be an Android application that will serve one of the UN goals. We liked that the app should inform people about how important it is to reduce their emissions from fossil fuels and therefore how to find solutions to the problem. Each person contributed their own opinions to achieve the best results.



