My individual reflection for week5: 

We started this week with a little meeting with our supervisor Hannes and as always we received some feedback about our stories that should be improved and cleared. He gave us tips to be able to run each other's programs on each other’s computers. Later on the group had an individual meeting to discuss the stories that should be improved. In this individual meeting the group became divided into two groups, which are : Me, Smedra and Alexis (group A) doing the application’s database and the notifications. Endrit, Mohammed and Cezary (group B) doing the slide Card-system. Each group had their own meetings. 

We continued with the programming for our application. It wasn't so hard for our group to continue with the programming, because we already had good ideas to continue with. This week was actually productive for our group (group A) and for me specially, because it felt that my programming knowledge is getting much better. 

What do I want to learn or understand better? 
I definitely want to learn and understand the Android Studio better. I really would like to work with this fantasktic program in the near future. This week I tried to put much more time on learning about the specific things that our group had to program, namely the database and the notifications. I am convinced that it will pay off well in the end. 
I will put some more hours into learning about programming new things in Android studio, and try to find hacks that I can use during the learning. 
      A-->B) To improve my weakness I continue with searching information about the Android Studio and learn me even hacks about it, maybe watching Youtube videos. 


What can I help someone else, or the entire team, something new?
This week was very effective, because we worked hard and tried to not give up, and contained helpful meetings for group A. I tried to help the other group Alexis and Smedra with the things I was sure about  in my stories and I got help too. In this way I learned much better about the Android Studio and it feels high self confidence. 
I will try to spend more time helping the other members and do not skimp on giving tips for improvement.
     A-->B) We absolutely help each other in all possible ways for example. in Zoom meetings, our messenger group and take physical meetings in school.  

What is my contribution towards the team’s use of scrum?
In the meeting we had on Monday after our meeting with Hannes, the whole group said that we can divide the group into two groups as mentioned before, and this way makes us more eager to do the best work. That was a very good idea, because it worked. Personally I had to search information and see a lot of Youtube tutorials to do good stories. So this week we have been working with the project stories. One thing that I really really like in our group is the help that every group member offers. Each one of us helps and gives tips for improvement.  It is exactly like this the good group is. 



What is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries?
Every member does very good deliveries. Our group (group A) did a very good job this week. Me and Smedra fixed the notifications and Alexis did the database for the application, and later on we managed our notification code-system to the database that Alexis fixed and then Alexis uploaded it on Github. I want to point out that the group’s potential and performing was on top this week, and I’m looking forward to getting the best results ever.


Firel Issa 












































