My individual reflection for  this week: 

This week, we started with the first programming steps for our awaited application. It was a little bit hard for each group member to choose a good way that fits to make the first steps, but day after day and after some helpful meetings, it went well. We helped each other with expressing ideas. 


This week was fantastic! We started the week with a meeting with our supervisor Hannes and we got some tips which can lead us to improvement. Later on we started directly with the programming. Under this week I did a welcome background and an activity with a scrollview about choosing a language.  
We have actually decided our backlog and to get a finished work in week 5 we should continue with our stories. Week 4 we will divide the work on each group member. 
      A-->B) We make sure to have regular meetings to make sure that it's going well for the whole group members. 

What do I want to learn or understand better? 
I definitely want to learn and understand the Android Studio better. I really would like to work with this fantasktic program in the near future. I try to put some hours into learning better about the Android Studio and it pays off good in the end. 
I will put some more hours in learning about the program and try to find hacks that I can use during the learning. 
      A-->B) To improve my weakness I continue with searching information about the Android Studio and learn me even hacks about it, maybe watching Youtube videos. 

What can I help someone else, or the entire team, something new?
This week was very good and contained helpful meetings. I tried to help the other group members with the hacks I did in my stories and I get help too. In this way I learned much better about the Android Studio and it feels high self confidence. 
I will try to spend more time helping the other members and do not skimp on giving tips for improvement.
      A-->B) We absolutely help each other in all possible ways for example. in Zoom meetings and our messenger group. 

What is my contribution towards the team’s use of scrum?
From the beginning of this week, Endrit suggested that every group member can do its own story, and this way makes us more eager to do the best work. That was a very good idea, because it worked. Personally I had to search information and see a lot of Youtube tutorials to do good stories. So this week we have been working with the project stories. One thing that I really really like in our group is the help that every group member offers. Each one of us helps and gives tips for improvement.  It is exactly like this the good group is. 

What is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries?
Every member does very good deliveries. As I mentioned before every member did its own starting with the background, but it was a little difficult to choose whose background our application will have. The group voted between mine and Cezary’s background but how know maybe other’s background will stand out then. I want to point out that the group’s potential and performing was on top this week, and I’m looking forward to getting the best results ever.





Firel Issa
