My individual reflection for this week: 

This week, the second group (Endrit, Mohammed and Cezary) have finished the programming for the most of the Slide-Card System. Our group made some updates for our Trello board and added graphes for our KPI. This week, most of the group was busy with an exam that we had on friday so we had a minor check on the project. Me, Smedra and Alexis were already finished with our work (the database and the notification system) so we didn’t do so much this week. We only helped the Slide-Card system group with some ideas that can be good for them to use to get the best results. 

A) This week was totally ok! We started the week with a meeting with our supervisor Hannes and we got some tips which can lead us to improvement. Directly after the meeting, our group had a meeting, where we discussed some ideas that we can benefit from to get a can continue in a good way. The group is almost finished with the most tasks and the last task starts from tomorrow. It was a pity that most of the members focused on their exam, but all group members have a good understanding of the situation. Endrit, Mohammed and Cezary did a great job namely doing the Slide-Card System and together with the rest of the group we worked with the design and the layout.  
B) I hope that our application will be completely finished at the end of the week so we can focus on the presentation. I look forward to getting a fantastic application and I have no doubt that our group will do the rest of things on time. We always thought that we can add some other functionalities to our project if we have extra time, so we will add some tasks if we have enough time. A thing to do next week is adding translations for the application. We also discussed that we will run our application on our Android mobiles when we are totally finished with the project. 
 A-->B) To get the best results as possible we should completely focus on this course in all possible ways. We should have regular meetings to make sure that it's going well for the whole group members. an hour meeting every day works very well or two hours every other day works as well too. Pesonaly, I have no problem with how hours I will put or how many meetings we will have in the week. The most important thing is that we get the best results as possible and absolutely to get the most fantastic application. Tomorrow, on Monday we will decide meetings for the whole week to work as extensively as possible, and I believe that we can finish this project together before Sunday. 



Firel Issa
