individuel reflection week 4.
Smedra Touma

A:
The week started with a good meeting with our supervisor Hannes, we got good feedback and good advice for the coming tasks. 
This week we have actually worked hard with programming our code for the application.I have worked with doing the first story about the background, 
language, information button. we have actually voted about which background we will choose because every group member has done its own story and we
had the ability to choose the best.

B.
To continue working on our coming stories for week 5, we have decided on our backlog. However,
unlike week 4 we will divide the work on the group members by doing the stories at the right time.

A->B 
We will work hard to have a regular meeting to discuss how it's going for each group member.
We are going to focus on each thing and do it in time until the next meeting.



1-What do I want to learn better?
i want to learn more about Android Studio. During this way I have actually trained much in android studio and did my best to understand the program better, 
and i really liked it to work on it in future projects.
I worked at an android studio and got to know it better.
A->B i will do it as i did last week, watching tutorials, searching information.


2-How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?
In this section we did very good, we have had meeting to discuss problem
to be as good as possible in helping each other and giving each other advice and reach another level to understand the different way
every each member understand.
A->B We help each other in meeting zoom, messenger calls. and give each other advices to do the best we can in the project


3-What is my contribution toward the team’s use of scrum?
This week we have been working on doing the stories. This was a very good idea of Endrit that each one of us should do their own story
to get started and to get to know the program better. This helped us to start understanding how to achieve the goal in the best way.
The thing that motivated us to continue working is that we as group could help and we really saw that each member really worked and do it’s best.


4-What is my contribution toward the team’s deliveries?
as i mentioned before we did our different backgrounds, it was a little hard to choose between the 6 different backgrounds, 
we had to vote between Firels and Cezarys background because they were simple and really beautiful!. 
I would like to say that my performing this week was much better than the past weeks. 
I really did my best to understand how Android Studio works, and to deliver so much I can to the group.
I will continue working as hard as i can in the next weeks.

