Teamreflection week 4:
the current situation or "what is" (A)
During this week we have worked with andriod studio in a big way, we set out so that everyone should be familiar with the program so we wont have any surprises in the future. 
We did this by making sure that everyone in the group makes their own homescreen for the app, we did'nt put any restrictions on the design at all but that it would resemble 
a backround in the app that we wanted. This was done so that we all could learn the program by trial and error and by first hand experience. We tried not to put any pressure 
on eachother so that no one would get stressed and not focus on their task, buut we set out a deadline for everyone so that we could review and reflect on what we have done and 
what we have learned. We also discussed any prroblems that we stumbled on individually so we could learn form eachothers mistakes and errors. We also discussed any features we 
discovered while working that could benifit us in the future with the program.

We also had a meeting with our supervisor (labassistant) and with the examinator (Håkan) on monday were he went over our work with us and we reflected togehter on what we had 
done well and what we needed to do better and possible ways to reach the goals we set for ourselves and the mistakes pointed out by the Labassistant. He was very impressed with 
with our work as a whole and especially with our stories. He had some feedback on small things that we can improve such as the backlog. 

.. what you want the situation to be or "what might or should be" (B),

... a plan for getting from where you are to where you want to be or "feedback designed to reduce the gap" (A -> B)

Our social contract:
our thoughts the this weeks social contract was that we all put in the necessary work needed by each of us to acomplish the work needed for this week. We had a meeting on 
monday after the meeting with the supervsor so we could detemerine what we had to do this week. We all agreed on to begin working with the homescreen of the app and at the same 
time get to know andriod studio better. We have done this with everyone conributing with their homescreen and their experience to better the knowledge of the group as whole. 
We then chose the best aspects of all the homescreens done by each member to make the best homescreen possible for the program. 

Our KPIs:
this weeks productivity was very high because we finally could begin to work on implemnting the prgram, our excitemnt in our opinion made the work easy and very enlightning. 
As a group we would grade our productivity with a 4.7, because we saw results in the forming of the app. 
The stress levels were relativly low for the results we have achived but the deadline and the exploration of andriod studio made the stress levels at 3.
